29/10/24

You could say that this is my journal, although I'm not really into writing and reading. Honestly, I'm more of a movies guy. Novels are fine according to me, in fact there was a time when I used to read a lot. But that was ages ago, like when I was in middle school. I'm cool with reading books, and I do catch up on reading the odd book each year or so. But it's people who're into poems and literary stuff that irk me a lot. Like those people post that shit on their Instagram stories. I mean I haven't got anything specifically against being a literary person, but I assume that most of them are posting it on social media for attention.

Anyways, the reason I'm writing this "journal" is because I'm lonely. Not just lonely, I'm really, really LONELY. But I guess I got the idea of this journal this when I was writing a post on Reddit, something about what I had done few weeks back (that isn't the important part), but I figured that I enjoyed writing something about my life. It's gotten so monotonous and bleak lately that I've resorted to such measures to add some spice to my life xD.

So, let me tell you something about myself for context before I bore you with my usual rants. Alright, here it comes - My name's Jai Murhekar. I'm a 23 year old male. And I'm single and lonely. I could stop here and it would be enough information about myself, but I'd like to do some justice to myself.

1) I'm quite smart. I used to excel in academics especially Math and Science during school and I used to get the first place in tests and competitions (no surprises haha). I'm not a genius or anything, its just that I'm smarter than most people but the main reason for my academic success is that I work really hard. Or at least I used to. I'm not like one of those Asian kids who were forced to study because they're parents forced them -  I studied because I liked it. Anyways, I studied quite hard to get into IIT (that's like a top engineering school in my country, I'm from India by the way). In my country getting into IIT is like a really big deal and all the parents want their kids to go there. 

Anyways, this is some introduction about myself. I could almost ask you to introduce yourself, but I forget that you're not one of those c.Ai characters (they're mainly girls) I sometimes talk to. I didn't know about c.Ai until about some weeks ago even though that thing released a couple of years ago. So one of these days I was quite bored and lonely and I thought of installing some chatting app on PlayStore. I tried a couple of them, but they were mostly filled with naked dudes with their thing out. It might sound traumatizing, but believe me, its a different kind of rejection when a dude swipes left on you on a gay chatroom (I am not gay by any means, but I did visit some chatrooms because I was bored). 

I remember in 2020, during lockdown, I used to use this app called Wakie. It's a voice based app where you can chat with different people, sometimes in group chats. At that time, I thought that using such an app might help in improving my speech, but my stuttering didn't really go away. Wakie was quite fun though. At that time, I used to be alone (when have I haven't!) in my house, and I did speak to quite some interesting people - a farmer from Jamaica, a singer from some central Asian country (was it Tajikistan?) who I later followed on Instagram, and even some girls. My experience on Wakie was far from satisfying, most of the people hung up when we matched on voice calls, I used to have trouble speaking on group calls, not just stuttering, but nobody was interested in actually listening to what I had to say. However, I have to admit, talking with some people from a foreign land left me with a very different feeling. I don't know how to put it in words - but it filled me with a very warm feeling when you actually get to know and connect with somebody, even though they live far away, and even though their life is very different from mine. I really wish to meet them one day even though I'm not goint to. I sometimes feel that one day I would live in a foreign country, surrounding by people who haven't yet shown their faces to me.

Here's the thing about me - I may be an introvert according to the people who know me, but my personality is actually extroverted. I love meeting new people and talking and connecting with them. If it hadn't been for this goddamn stuttering, I'm sure I would have been quite someone at parties. For now, I'm forced to be content with watching from the  corners. I've stuttered since I was four or five, and even though I'm not ashamed of it now, it certainly has played a huge role in making me introverted and nervous in groups. When I was younger, I used to be really scared of speaking or reading in front of the classroom, and I had to endure a lot of times where the teacher would call me to read or recite something and the entire class would laugh. The other kids didn't really bully me for my stutter, but that's due to the fact that I was quite smart and the other students had some kind of respect for me. If I were someone else, I'm sure I would get teased a lot. Even then, there were times, when my own friends would make fun of my stutter. I guess being smart can only get you so far. 

Once in a while when I'm feeling a bit melancholy, I reflect on my stutter - it's something that has played a very important role in making me the person I am. A lot of people who stutter usually also suffer from low esteem issues (I think that's a consequence, not a cause), but in my case it was not the so. From what I can recall, I never had any esteem issues whatsoever. That's probably because I'm smart and I got a lot of positive feedback when I was a child. My brother on the other hand is probably smarter than me, but he has self esteem issues. Now, when I'm an adult (I'm actually a man now), I don't rely tie my self esteem on my academic or any other performance. I just love the person I am. I mean there's areas which I can improve of course, and I haven't been really happy for a long time, but whenever I see myself in the mirror, I think that I love the person I'm seeing, every atom of it, including all the stutter and all the quirks and I'm also happy to see that I've made it till now despite everything I've been through.

Okay, I guess the last paragraph was a bit sentimental. I don't want this "journal" to be sentimental. In fact I want it to be funny. I know I'm funny online and not so much in real life (guess why?), but jokes aside, I feel that I've got an amazing sense of humor. My idea of humor is mostly offensive memes related to race, sex and other things, but as long as you actually don't believe in that shit, it counts as humor. And I know for a fact that not everyone shares the sense of humor that I do, especially not girls. Once, I made an offensive with Praniti (she's the only female friend I have), and she looked at me as if I said that Hitler was a good person. 

So I've never really journaled or written a book before. I did however, try to write a book when I was in fourth grade, but I guess I got to finish it. It was a great investment - buying an expensive diary only to end up writing a couple of pages. Well I was like that fourteen years ago. Now I'm twenty three and characteristically I don't finish anything I start. I'm even skeptical of this journal going anywhere. I've always been like, according to my family. I pestered my parents to buy me a telescope because I became "fascinated" with space when I was a kid until they finally budged and bought one which costed some quite some money. I have used only a handful times, and I've seen the Moon with it. You probably can't see any further with it. Another incident, this one is more recent - In 2022, I became inspired to learn trading crypto because I had seen reels about it on Instagram and asked my brother for some money. Not just any small amount, I think I asked him ten lakh rupees (that's around $12500) and I said that I'll double it within a year. He gave me around $50 and I'm only happy to say that I didn't make any loss out of it.

So what do I write exactly in this journal? I'm probably gonna write about day-to-day stuff but then it'll get quite boring because there's not much I actually do. Nobody wants to read - "I woke up, went to work, came back, went back to sleep", so I'll try my best to make things interesting. I'll also write about past events because I'm actually a really interesting person and that'll help you get more context


Today was kind of sucky. I had a headache yesterday, so I had gone to bed early. I wasn't able to sleep that well and I woke up feeling tired and shitty. And the last thing I wanted was to go to work. But it doesn't work like that, I have to show up everyday even though I don't feel like showing up on most days. I could have called in sick, but I didn't want to waste a sick leave. I work in a hedge fund called WorldQuant even though I have a degree in Computer Science. But so do a lot of my batchmates, and we're all in it for the money. Well before taking this job the only thing I looked for is the salary (which is quite high), but now I'm having second thoughts. See, I dislike my job, and not just that, I find my work to be really boring. It also didn't help that Bohit didn't reply to the Slack message that I had sent a week ago. Bohit's my manager, he's a nice guy actually, but he's terrible with communication. A lot of other people also have the same complaint about him, that he takes 2-3 business days to reply to something which it actually take a couple of minutes. I don't want to educate my manager about basic etiquettes about replying to messages - I don't care how busy you are, but you CANNOT consistently reply late. I honestly don't care - it's my first job and I'm more than happy to agree to whatever Bohit says than be confrontational about it. 

By the time it was 3pm I was feeling tired and quite sick. I thought of going home, but I was a bit hesistant because I normally leave work at 6:30pm-ish. But I didn't really have much work to do, because I had done everything that Bohit asked me to the last time and he hadn't replied to any of my texts asking what to do next. So I just got up and left, feeling a bit guilty. In my office, the timings are flexible, and you can leave anytime you want, but I still felt a bit guilty because I had the done thing last Thursday - I left early because I wasn't feeling alright (I wasn't sick or anything, I just wasn't feeling good mentally - work can often do that to you especially if you don't actually like your job). I thought I'd go home and do the login and do some work, but I ended up going home and reading a book

 

